chore: Now VDC parameter for provider is deprecated (#1131)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue: .changelog/1119.txt

```release-note:breaking-change

> `provider` - Announced in the release [v0.34.0](https://github.com/orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue/releases/tag/v0.34.0), the attribute `vdc` in the provider configuration and its associated environment variable `CLOUDAVENUE_VDC` are now deprecated and will be removed in v0.39.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`provider` - The attribute `vdc` in the configuration provider is deprecated and will be removed in the release `v0.39.0`. Please adjust your configuration. Warning the environment variable`CLOUDAVENUE_VDC` is also deprecated.
```
